There are three types of contacts for any given organization. All contacts must be members of the organization they are a contact for.
1. Primary Contact. Organizations are required to have at least one primary contact. This individual or individuals are front line support for the organization. As such, the member must have either an email or a phone number and preferably both. By default, the Primary Contact is added to both Billing Contacts and Distribution Contacts. They can be removed later as appropriate.
2. Billing Contacts. A root organization is required to have at least one billing contact. For sub organizations of the root (and below) Billing Contacts are optional. Billing contacts manage payments to Improving.App for things like licensing, support, etc.
3. Distribution Contacts. A root organization is required to have at least one distribution contact. For sub organizations of the root (and below) Distribution Contacts are optional. Distribution Contacts manage payment distributions from Improving.App. When an Organization runs a store (at an event, for example) Improving.App acts as the payment processor. When the store is closed out proceeds from the store are distributed back to the organization.

Billing and Distribution Contacts may be leveraged internal to an organization for their own accounting needs. For example, a high school (root organization) may bill the football team to create a store for the concessions stand at a football game. The school may decide to distribute the funds back to the football team and all the other participating organizations.